// what is the http responses
 HTTP status codes are three-digit numbers sent by servers in response to a client's request. They provide information about the status of the request and help the client understand whether the request was successful, if there were any issues, or if additional actions are required.
Categories of HTTP Status Codes
1xx Informational: Request received, continuing process.
100 Continue: The server has received the request headers, and the client should proceed to send the request body.
101 Switching Protocols: The requester has asked the server to switch protocols, and the server has agreed to do so.

(it means like  the request is th econtoneu process)




2xx Success: The action was successfully received, understood, and accepted.
200 OK: The request was successful.
201 Created: The request was successful and a new resource was created as a result.
204 No Content: The server successfully processed the request and is not returning any content.


this means  the request was scessfull

 3xx Redirection: Further action needs to be taken in order to complete the request.301 Moved Permanently: The requested resource has been permanently moved to a new URL.
302 Found: The requested resource is temporarily located at a different URL.304 Not Modified: The resource has not been modified since the version specified by the request headers.


it means user can do rong things like for example it fill the wrong password in the email (form)

 4xx Client Error: The request contains bad syntax or cannot be fulfilled.
400 Bad Request: The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.
401 Unauthorized: The client must authenticate itself to get the requested response.
403 Forbidden: The client does not have access rights to the content.
404 Not Found: The server can not find the requested resource.

it means the server is not found 



5xx Server Error: The server failed to fulfill a valid request.
 500 Internal Server Error: The server has encountered a situation it doesn't know how to handle.
502 Bad Gateway: The server, while acting as a gateway or proxy, received an invalid response from the upstream server.
503 Service Unavailable: The server is not ready to handle the request, often due to being overloaded or down for maintenance.


it means there is the some isssue in the srever side